Welcome, ladies and gentlemen, once again to Hollywood, California, Meltdown Theater,
Nerd Melt Theater. Meltdown Comics. Once again, Harmontown is in session. Do me and do yourselves
the kindness and welcome to the stage, the mayor of Harmontown. Dan Harmon. We have so
What's to do?
We're gonna just fucking, we're just gonna go.
We don't often have a lot to do.
I saw your eyes dart to my new affectation.
This'll be 20 minutes of the show.
I, Dan, for the home listener,
has taken to over the last couple days
wearing an invention of, I believe Spencer's design.
Correct?
I went to Spencer, I said, Spencer,
I need to keep track of things.
Very quickly.
Like, how quickly, beyond Steve Job's definition,
I call him Job's.
Okay.
I think of him as a biblical character.
Beyond Steve Job's definition of like,
like visionary though he was,
like how quickly can Dan Harmon's brain
be stored permanently?
So I'm wearing a notepad around my neck
with a pen on the string.
It looks, I mean, is it a shoelace or a lanyard string?
Or what have you, it's a sort of black, black cordage.
The brilliant thing about this is that it has three components,
all of which can be replaced.
It doesn't, like I've already forgotten
many of them on my bed stand.
Spencer is then able to create a new one.
But for the home listener, for the home listener,
you have a black string around your neck.
It's a black string around my neck.
A kind of a three by five or four by six
looking a spiral notepad and a pen dangling.
A pen with the pocket clip of the pen anchored
on the string.
So let me show you.
So you sir, what's your name?
Greg.
Now, here's the thing, it'll take forever
to put the pen back, but Greg, boom,
fucking your mouth to my notepad.
Like that's not, like now, okay,
now let's pretend I don't have the notepad around my neck.
What's your name?
Greg.
Now Dan's taking out his enormous phone.
You got to open up an app.
Get away from 4chan and onto the notepad document.
Fuck it, at a certain point, it's like, fuck, who's Greg?
Who cares?
Humanity, the eye harmin' around my neck.
Spencer Crittenden created this.
Eye harmin' with my idea.
I coined the phrase eye harmin'.
Eye harmin'.
I also named it the eye harmin'.
I called it the eye harmin', or also chest notes.
Chest notes.
This is a big deal.
Here's the other thing.
What about memo roundum?
Memo roundum, memo roundum, so it could be unisex.
You memo roundum now?
I want to explain something super cool about this,
is that like Spencer and I talked about this,
and he said, yeah, but it won't be,
like if the string goes through the top,
then you won't be able to.
And I said, look, here's the thing.
I am prepared to change my way of thinking
about what constitutes the bottom and top of a notepad.
That's the genius.
That's me being Steve Jobs.
This is, that's the whole point is, shkah, bam.
All you have to do is think different.
This is the top now.
It's fucking amazing.
And also, if you choose to, if my name happened
to be on the cover, you'd know my name.
So if we all did, this is like my Malcolm X bow tie,
like just in case we're going on a movement here.
Don't adopt it right away.
Let me refine this.
Let me workshop this.
Because I think the size can be adjusted.
I put forward to Dan earlier.
Don't do anything yet.
I put forward to Dan earlier that he
should get a bigger notepad.
And on the front of it, just draw a big clock
and be like, flavor Flav.
Let me workshop it, and then we'll be OK.
What about this size?
This is what I was talking to you earlier.
Is that more suitable?
That's what I had in mind.
Spencer doesn't, you know, he's a strange child.
I think he went and cut a real notebook
into different shapes.
I don't know.
Wait, is that not, is that hewn out of a larger thing?
Yeah, he does weird shit.
He doesn't.
If you go into Spencer's, like, if you get a ride from Spencer,
he'll have a, like, Spencer has, like,
he's like a myth buster.
Like, he has, like, he'll have, like, a thing in his car
that's, like, made out of binder clips that
will hold his iPhone.
But it's like, you know, he's like a life hacker.
He's a life hacker.
OK.
Yeah.
Don't worry about it.
Have you got any chestnuts on your chestnuts there for us?
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, I do.
My breathing issue, I want to talk about that.
I've been listening to Harbitan episodes,
and I've noticed that my thing is that I do this.
Hey, Jeff, giraffes are weird, right?
Why do they have such long necks?
I have this nerd inhale that I get.
You guys know what I mean, right?
Like, I've never noticed anything like this.
I'd like to change it.
I don't want to do it anymore.
You make a face like you're breathing through your nose,
but you're going through your mouth, aren't you?
Well, I'm imitating the sound.
I don't know what I'm doing it, but like it's a weird thing to have to listen to and I don't want to do it anymore
Okay, all right. That's a self-adjustment. I'd like to talk tonight about how to take a compliment
Okay, a lot of us don't know how to do that say say what Adam. That's a good topic. Yes. Thank you, Adam
See you just did it. Oh
Yes, great
Next next item on the agenda
That was so much easier than we all expected
Jeff tell me I did it tell me I did a good job at something Dan
That is a lovely notepad hanging around your midsection. Well, it's a work in progress. I don't know what I'm doing
See what I did there. I told him he was a piece of shit. I
Told me there's nobody's talking about we all have that on us
We won't we want to be humble and it's for it's it's for a good reason
Is there any concern of when you're wearing it?
I had to go back to the chest notes or I Harmon, but is there any concern is you wearing a big notepad around your chest?
That people will mistake you for like a death
Yeah, I'm 40 years old. I'm I'm I'm charging into the fucking preach. You look it makes you look a little special
And I an argument could be made that I am see you just took another compliment. I snuck one in there and you took it
Thank you. You're welcome. Thank you. That was a great compliment. All right
You ain't you ain't shitting
See what we're doing there. That's that's how work gets done
Are you are you have you always been bad at taking compliments? Yeah, you seem like you can take a compliment
I've learned I had therapists that told me they said when you do that
You tell people that they're full of shit and somebody says I liked I liked like I like what you did
I like what you do. I like your jacket. I like your hair. You look you look like you lost weight
Uh, something as you tell them you automatically go. No, I haven't I don't know what you're just saying to them
You don't know what you're talking about your eyeballs are idiots. You're an idiot
You're in your brain is dumb. You don't know what you're talking about, right? It's it's but it's a it's a it's a it's a big
It's a fucking thing. It's it's the crux. It's the it's the it's the knot
It's the knot of civilization Jeff. We've all like like we need to figure this out. I'd like to try to figure it out
What are you writing down? I
Make notes all the time. Okay. All right. Good job. What's that guy's name? What's that guy's name in the front row Greg? All right, okay?
Yeah
Just even the writing it down. We wrote it down in my brain
Yeah, it is a thing though
When someone pays you a column even if you disagree with them even if you think like it someone goes
Oh, you look nice today, and you feel like you look like shit or you've had a bad day when somebody says something nice
Even if you think that they're wrong you still say thank you. You don't have to you don't have to go you know what you're really, right?
You're really I really yeah, they're never they're never gonna be like no one's ever gonna come up to you go
I love your hair, and then you go. Thank you. They're never gonna walk away and go. He said thank you. What a dick
Unless they're a huge dick
And they're sitting out so much once you start getting good at taking compliments because like you know
We all do like what my friend kind of kind of like this old thing something so you look great today
Oh, this is a I got this off the rack. It's a thrift store at five dollars
And you say like oh this whole thing like you're stupid you're wrong if you just say thank you that's great
But then once you get good at that then people pay you sarcastic compliments. He goes nice suit, bro. You go. Thank you
And here's what I'd like to talk about this is the weird thing
Fishing for compliments
This is where people like me
Get thrown for a loop
Many times people come up to you and and self-deprecate
As an entree to a conversation people come up to you and they say
My shirt so stupid I shut down at that point
I know and I watch everyone around me go your shirts amazing
And I watch society rise around me
Because I shut down I go I go I don't I never had an opinion about your shirt
But I do know that you're trying to get me to say something about your shirt
And I can't do it and I won't do it
Because in my world if I tell you your shirt is noteworthy. It's fucking noteworthy
Like that's that's my Bitcoin like I create my like my my currency
Dan Harmon said have a nice day to me. I should have a nice day
Dan Harmon told me to
He didn't just barf it out now. You're paying yourself compliments
No, I'm not I'm being a thank-you-self. Thank-you-self. Like I don't know
I'm bad at making a show. I don't know. I shouldn't I shouldn't be talking to a microphone at all
I should just stop. I should just stop. I should just stop talking on this microphone. I don't I don't even know what I'm doing
Everybody thanks for coming
Every day we feel that right that's that that's the thing like like people people puncture like their little mosquito proboscis
Into you and it's got a little hook on the other end of it. They want something from you
I can't I like I like I live people people do it all the time and I think I think good people just just
Like they respond to it appropriately like people go
I didn't know what I did with my hair and then someone goes like that looks great
It's great, and then they make friends, and I don't know how to do that. That's where I shut down
Give me a script
Talking to you. I'm not worthy of talking to you and I'm supposed to say you're worthy of talking to me
I don't know you I
Don't know that you're worthy of talking to me. You can't just you can't just create an effect by saying the opposite thing fuck you
How should people approach you then on all fours
With with a tray of whatever they are offering me on the back of their neck I
Don't know I don't know I swear to God. I don't know I don't know I
Really don't know I just I just know what I'm being baited, and I don't respond to it
What what sweetie what?
Oh Aaron's ejaculating Aaron's crying out Aaron's crying out. Don't don't
I didn't mean to a moat so out of play when you said you don't know when you're being baited
You you or you know when you're being baited you don't like that's the thing is that because of those
Because of those times when people have been trying to get something from you
You you are not able to distinguish between people actually
saying Dan Harmon I I
I'm so embarrassed to talk to you because I don't feel like I'm good enough to talk to you
But I admire you you automatically think that they're the same person who's like, hey
I probably shouldn't be talking to you because I'm I don't know why I'm switching my voice, but
I'm speaking to myself you and I in our relationship
Sometimes when I'm when I am actually saying I feel unattractive. I feel whatever your immediate reaction is
What do you want me to say?
No, I just I'm just telling you like I just feel
Bad, but you are unable which which is why there's the notepad
Yeah, so and so wants me to think their pants look good
But I just say like I want you to think about my pants and I'll write it down
Gloria pants are important to her and I'll write it down
I'm just saying this and I say this out of love that not everyone is
Fishing and I think that like it's it's important to you to see saying every day everybody puts out pants that they think are shitty
It just walks around on these pants, whatever
Well, most of them are fishing. There's a difference and there's a difference between do I look fat in the shirt?
I feel like I look fat and everyone's like no you don't like fat
There's a difference between that and I feel like I did a bad job on that or I feel like there's a difference
You know that you you you romanticize your ass burgers
You know take it to the place of not being able to distinguish between the two things. All right. All right
Thank you
She'll be back
She did great, so
Harmontown is a feral audio Jesus Christ
No, no, no, baby, you didn't do bad you did great
She got a marlin
Got a lot to do tonight. Let's bring up
I want to bring up a special friend from the Feral audio network again Jeff listen. Nobody's making any money
We're in network. It ain't me. I just want to bring up my good friend Johnny Pemberton Johnny Pemberton everybody
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, anywhere anything you want to do grabbing either Mike grab both of them
Make yourself at home
Hey, you're gonna get out of here
Do you do twisting the wind is the name of your podcast right twisting the wind and you and you experiment with audio and
Yeah, you're a little kid. You're a little baby kid. Yeah, I'm a baby child
I chew on like weird little toys and then I see what sounds they make they make a cool sound
I amplify and run it through the duty seven and then I buy something on Amazon and that's how it works
That's basically it. I you're often a guest at my good friend Duncan Tressel's podcast
I say good friend in that I am fond of him and you hung out with him three times. Yeah
I'm a better friend of himself. Yeah, I
accept that
Right, so you you I'm gonna choose this chair
You described a an audition that you went on. I heard that this recently. Oh my god. I can't believe how far this is like
Proliferated as it is it coming back to come back to me, but I can't believe that it's like still like I've forgotten about it
I've honestly forgotten about it like I wish I could do with other things, but I have and now it's like
Oh, you reminded me of this thing. Well, I think it's very resonant
Interesting wasn't very far from here actually physically was not very far from here
You were in Duncan Tressel's podcast
You go listen to the episode and you were describing this brief experience that you had where you went in as a young actor
Going in or an old actor. Who knows? Maybe you have some progeria. I don't know
You you you went into this thing and you experienced the normal amount of like weird
hierarchy like odd fascistic
Cash casting like culture and you just bothered to do what any normal human being would do under normal circumstances
Just go go fuck yourself to somebody who was acting weird to you and it was like
They can go listen to the story about it. I don't know either. I was stricken with that
I never perceived you as a revolutionary. Oh, I I have done some bad stuff
Yeah, what's your what are your politics? I don't know. I mean, I don't know if I have true politics
But I kind of waver around like I'll sympathize with al-Qaeda sometimes
Everyone's in a while
Everyone's in a while much room for the underdog
I'm I feel like I'm the underdog and always have been sort of an underdog
So if there's someone beating up a guy, if someone gives somebody a hard time, I'll be there Johnny Pemberton will be there
Yeah, okay, I'll kind of been getting a free ride for two
The poor bastards everyone mispronounces their name like they can't get like a
Generalized the spelling. It's like Gaddafi like you can spell Gaddafi wherever you want
I think I have a whole different alphabet. We don't know about that. It's too bad. I feel bad for them kind of they're crazy
So what kind of what kind of stuff could people I don't know it's awkward for people to sell themselves, but
You know people tuning into your podcast. What are they? What are they? What are they looking for?
Oh, you're looking for the early covax of audio. Oh, yeah
There's a lot of sounds a lot of communication a lot of prank phone calls a significant amount of prank phone calls
But they're not really prank phone calls. They're more just like phone calls
Can we do it? Can you pretend that I'm like a guy working at just just working?
Okay, let's say you work at like Halliburton. I work at I work at Halliburton
Okay, maybe work at um this place that sells those things called zoomies so these goggles you can put on they're like binoculars
They're glasses. They're called zoomies. This is a recent call. It's pretty great. All right. Let's see. Can we can we do one?
I'll do one. Here we go. Do you want live? All right. Do you want me to work at Halliburton or zoomie? How about zoomies?
Okay, that's less political. Okay. Here's my phone. Here's my zoomies. The zoomies are goggles. What are they?
They're like goggles that you can wear. They're like
They're like binoculars that you can wear they're binoculars that you can wear hands-free so you can like oh look at that
I can touch myself while look at it
What am I looking at where I'm wearing?
I think they're meant for like people who are creeps
So just just just high vision void voyeur
Goggles just binoculars you wear it as a strap right because you know you can't binoculars are heavy you have to hold on to them
I think these ones are these are hands-free binoculars so you can so you can Joe you can pull out your J.O. Tool
Okay, all right, so I got my phone. I got my zoomie catalog and I got my
Hello zoomie. Oh, hi, how's it going there?
Yes, can I help you customer service department? Yeah
Yeah, I'm I'm I'm really into these whole things here that you got going on
I'm just wondering can I wear them when I drive is that okay?
Well, we don't recommend any usage for them other than just looking at things while you're sitting in a chair, okay?
Okay, well, I don't have any chairs. I don't what is that exactly? I think it's a she don't have any chairs
Yeah, I don't have any. What kind of phone call is this?
Well, hey listen, I just sit here. I'm just trying to go about my jay-by-day. Mr. Harmon. I'm your supervisor
What's the meaning of this? No, this guy's fucking insane
Put him on speakerphone. Let me hear this. Sorry. I got my manager here. That's okay. You're fine. Hi
Hello. Yeah, I've been listening listen to for quality assurance right now
Okay, that's great. I love quality assurance. Oh, okay being recorded for quality insurance
Quality insurance. What kind of phone call is this?
Everybody gather around
Everybody come on. Can I put my dad on? Is that okay? Sure. Yeah, okay. He's from the south. Okay. Hey, how y'all doing on there?
What the fuck is this guy?
Southern guy on the phone now. I
Have my son call you for a minute cuz he was trying to figure out get something me for birthday
But now he does know where to do it. Dan Dan what do cover commander? Okay?
Well, I just want to like do it to look at birds and things we're trying to like go on a vacation this year going down to
Pick a snorler
Do you know okay?
Yeah, thank you, Johnny Pemberton everybody
So there's prank phone calls and there's guests and yeah, but you're
You're like like you're an anarchist, right? Like like when you yeah, you can say that. Yeah
You don't believe in hierarchy like me like I want to go to the moon and I want to create a society
Whether no one's in charge. So sort of like
Like a like a it's like a randish
Randish, it's an randish. I'm randish. I
Yeah, it's not like a it's itch. I haven't read her. Yeah, but you can still say
It's not like she's kind of the heroine of the libertarian party, isn't she? Yeah, she's like the scapegoat
I feel like as well, but libertarian that's sort of like oh
God made rich people rich and let's let's all have it out
I don't really it's like those Koch brothers. They consider themselves libertarians, but they've become so rich
They've become the very thing they wanted to stop having happened
I feel like no, that's the thing like like rich white guys like grew up whose dads grew up in trailer parks like me like you
Bootstrappers like that's that's sort of part of the problem
You become a libertarian because that's the way you cope with with wealth like like and it's the it is the easiest route to do
It you you go like well the system works for me
Teddy Roosevelt the system worked for me
The system worked for me the creators of South Park like like we we rose up through the thing
So it must work for everybody
So anybody complaining is as guilty as anybody oppressing the people complaining
They say they don't like government, but the corporations and the free market man
They become the government. Yeah, it's like the world should be run by Ford Motors and GE and stuff like that
Which is kind of already is like it's like they love
Liberty, but they hate
Society, I don't I don't I don't get it. I went to somehow because a friend of mine is involved with Reason magazine
And he was doing some things so I was at this like convention in Vegas
There was a big libertarian convention and my big problem just from looking at it is like and I actually said to somebody said
Can I give you guys one note on your movement like if you're gonna try to like make this an actual movement?
Less white guys and chinos
Like you have to get a couple ladies in here and maybe a black dude
Because it's a bunch of white D bags walking around the same pants in the same shirt with the same cuff links and talking about how
Money is the world's greatest thing. It's the capitalism is fucking amazing. It's as amazing as sexual reproduction in biology
It's it's taking an organism and cutting it in half and saying ladies on the left
Fellows of the right and before you know it. You're not relying on like mutation to
Change the species. It's fantastic, but it's not something you should base like society everything on yeah
And everything because because you when you step over a homeless dude on the sidewalk
You're you're the reason you're doing it is because there's absolutely nothing to profit you and stepping over him
That is so obviously we have a system that right or wrong
Good or bad. Well, whatever your definition is what we know for sure is that there's some dudes on the sidewalk that it's not working for
Because unless that guy loves the sidewalk loves it so much
Well, he's kissing it. I'm like but but even still it doesn't work because there's a sidewalk the guy that
It's a sidewalk outside a donut shop and the guy's going get out of my sidewalk. You stop kissing it
You love it so much. Get out of here bringing the value of the donuts down
Yeah, exactly like no one wants to step over you to buy a donut. You're lowering the value of my donut shop
There's capitalism as an engine, but it's not the chassis. It's not the axle. It's not the tires, you know
That's like make sure it makes it go fast. It's it's it's incredibly
Ingenious because it capitalism simply is an agreement. We all make every day
We wake up and decide that we should let's all go sell our practical activity and what we get back
Is like less than what our actual activity is worth
So if we go out and make cars for eight hours a day
We don't get paid in the amount the cars that we made were worth because that wouldn't make any money for the for the
Capitalists so we they we're gonna pay you a lot less than what the car is worth and that free part of our labor
Which is almost all of it. That's what makes cap that that's capitalism. We've all just agreed
We agree every morning when we get up. Let's all just go sell
Activity are our most of our day and we only if you actually have a real job
You only get a couple hours of your day to do anything
That you want to do that's it's insane. Maybe not at all
And they are and yeah, if you have you know, like you have a couple hours to to dispense with your family or make a model airplane
Yeah, it's like a dick. It's dangerous
There's a solution capitalism doesn't have to be scrapped Johnny Pemberton told a story on Doug and Dressel podcast Johnny Pemberton goes in
for an audition
There's this whole existing system that
Results in people treating everyone like crap down to the bottom
So you walk in this fluorescent lit fucking tiny office with some lady that knows nothing about acting knows nothing about anything
But but but is sitting there like a troll under a bridge treating actors like shit. This is a thing in LA
You're sitting you're listening in Iowa and you're going fuck you your actors got it so bad
We're telling you this is the equivalent of welding a fucking thing in LA every every town as its industry
There's a lot of people like
Suffering out here
So Johnny walks into he tells the story on Duncan's podcast
He walks in and he starts talking. There's a lady talking to another guy. They're talking talking. He sees another guy
They're talking and he hears something and she's going there's no talking in here and he goes. Oh, I'm sorry. I thought that
you
You guys were talking so it was okay to talk in here and then the other guy goes
that's a good way to talk to casting and
And long story short the story ends with you dropping your script on the ground and saying fuck you and walking away
That's how capitalism works
Capitalism can work
Every time you get a call from a from a telemarketer
Capitalism could work if the people calling you like cold calling you to go if if they bothered to go fuck you
There's a limit. There's a limit to my humanity. Anyways, I've done. I sound like a libertarian when I say that
It's okay to be a little bit libertarian, isn't it? I think I think that's spirit
Yeah, yeah, but I think when you have a billion dollars and you're a libertarian
You should probably like start to become a Democrat. She started church. I
Know I think when you're like in the stratosphere as a libertarian
You should probably realize a lot of what libertarians I've talked to say it sounds like kind of stuff
I believe in like like like I I don't like government. I hate the idea of like arbitrary like, you know
Like rule and stuff like that that but they stop short of the idea like like they worship money
They worship the they worship capitalism and so they they talk this kind of high and mighty idealism about like we should all just be
Liberty man like like no one should tell you ever what to do
But it's like capitalism was the whole point of this it tells everybody what to do and this necessitates unemployment
There has to be unemployed people. There has to be famine. There has to be a conflict at all times to keep profits
There has to be we have to let more food rot every day that is needed to feed everybody every day to keep fucking grain prices at the
Same place. That's insanity. That's that's a chaotic. That's a chaotic idea. And so fuck libertarian. This is what I'm trying to say
Yeah, and fuck ain't rant fuck ain't rant
your book sucks
She's she is nobody likes the fountain head unless they're a cock and like it's 13 and they're fucking this like no
It's not a good book
She is dead though. So, huh? She's she died. Yeah, well, she yeah, she has she had a good time. She had a good run
Let's go dig her up and fuck it. You know what?
Just show me what you act. Let's do it. Yeah, she had she had terrible teeth. Did she really? Yeah, so
Let's see. I thought you I thought you were ready for the underdog
Well, I don't consider those teeth to be underdog teeth
Would you rather fuck iran's corpse or be a member of al-qaeda?
al-qaeda
All right
I feel like I feel like every time I've seen Johnny Pemberton. He has decreased in age by three years. I
Don't know. He's keeps he looks cutting his hair shorter. He looked to be about 15
He was a channel 101 kid like a million years ago
And I was like I just kind of got the Michael Sarah adorable thing going and then Michael Sarah now it looks like Michael Cain
And Johnny Pemberton weeded it out. It was like I remember the first time I saw it Pemberton
I was like fuck. He must be so pissed about Michael Sarah
But now it's it's a million years later fucking Michael Sarah. It looks like a Loch Ness monster
Pemberton's got the fucking lockdown on the adorable little baby face. You said that Michael Sarah has aged poorly
He no longer looks like Johnny Pemberton. What can we say? Let's leave it at that
There was a point when they looked the same to me
Is that okay? I guess I don't see enough of Michael Sarah walking around. Well, well our next guest
There's Michael Sarah. That'd be so awesome. Yeah, that was a walker
He looks like the Loch Ness monster nobody knows what the Loch Ness monster looks like
Terrible analogy
I don't know people people grow old and they die. We're gonna go to we're gonna go to Loch Ness around the holidays
Yeah, we're taking a trip to Scotland and we're gonna go we're gonna go to Infernescent. Do we have any moon?
Problems that need to be discussed that the subreddit Jeff was a buzz about Lisette
Yeah, it's Lisette here. Yes. Hello
Lisette
Welcome back. Yeah
Let's show last week kind of seems like a month ago
I never I didn't quite understand why like the room turned on on Lisette like that. I got funky. I think they didn't like her
Cool reason to like chant someone down and I will I will immediately say like I
Because a lot of the if you go through the subreddit online like a lot of the sentiment is like why didn't Dan do something?
He's the mayor and I'll tell you why I was bored with the topic of like what was going on
I wanted to play just dragons, but moreover
Like I was sort of like how do you how do you resolve something like this?
Like there's this mob rule emerging and I think what happened is it's la and like she said something that was like technically not
appropriate to you know, it's like I
absolutely everybody that sort of voiced a
Oh, that's not true. What you're saying isn't true. It's an outdated thing and it's gone on too long
It's got too much momentum and there was was it you ma'am. Sorry. I have asked burgers, but yeah, okay
You you you stood up and identified yourself and you said you spoke very eloquently as an individual as an individual would you said like okay, so
This is a stereotype that proceeds, you know
a straight people like like constantly look at gay people and say
There's there's a dude and a girl within every gay relationship
And it's probably enough time is passed to put put it, you know, hold that that
The puppy of that misconceptions face into its own urine, but
But that's what you're doing. It's like
It's over it doesn't I mean like there was a kind of a thing happened the last
Week that was that I don't think has ever happened at Harmon's. Yeah, somebody got booed
Chanted down happens so suddenly to it's like a switch was thrown and all of a sudden was that what they were really chanting was let it go
Because they wanted her to stop talking
They weren't they weren't saying
Uh, think differently. They were going let it go. Was that what's your take on the whole thing? How do you feel it all went down?
Let it go
Do you want to come up should we get it get her up and let her say a couple words there? Hey, yeah, let's have that come up
As a talk about her this is a little keg of dynamite. Hello, is that
So what the thing that you were going to say was anecdotal things about how you you well whatever say was say what you were gonna say
Wait, which part well when they remember when the audience started going boo, let it go. Let it go. Stop talking
We hate you stop talking. I guess I guess the only point I wanted to get across was
Um
Regardless of where you come from
nothing like that
You know, it's funny about weddings because I actually did work at a wedding shop and I I saw some people are a little bit more
about weddings as far as a
Some people are just let they let one person do more work than the other
Regardless of who it is, you know, that kind of thing. That's not that's not a gender thing
Personality type that was a more of the ideal topic. That's ideally. That's what I wanted to say
We I think we went over that but how do you feel emotionally after that?
I was that was that a was that a weird experience for you?
No, this was like the best week of my life
But not because of like what happened here just other things that in my life was like this has been a really great week for me
But I I tend not to let things bother me at all. I'm not that kind of person. Okay. Yeah
Well, I think people resented that a little bit. That's what I truly think
I want to say this like I think that like clearly because I listen to the thing and I listen to the podcast when I drive into work
And I'm listening to it and I'm like, oh, that's I do feel I have remorse
I feel I feel bad if I did offend anyone obviously. Yeah, everybody that talks into a microphone
Like can look listen to it afterwards and go oh shit
I wish I could have taken like that Peter Parker like 45 minutes of like bullet time to think exactly about what to say
And we all embarrass ourselves a leg leg leg leg, but but I think that you
Okay
Thank you. Thank you, Lizette
Here's the thing that the whole thing that kind of avalanche it on me that night
It was like it was no time to talk about it at all
But I what I wanted to say to the planet at that moment was
We have gone so far with like it's okay to be black it's okay to be gay
It's okay to be in a wheelchair. It's okay to have one arm. It's okay to have three arms
It's okay to have purple hair. It's okay to have six eyes
It's okay to have one eye
Like we are trying as hard as we can to keep each other from keeping each other down
It's okay to wear a notebook around here. Yes
The only thing that was up like is there going to come a point where it's okay to be ignorant
Where it's okay
to be shitty
Because if we don't if we don't make that bridge we ain't got no hope man
There's a word for groups of people who know it's okay to have six eyes
They're called six-eyed people
They exist in a fucking ghetto of six-eyed people if they don't like like like our way like this movement that we have
That's like like like let's all realize that our sexual preference our race our height our hair color
Everything doesn't matter. We're we're we've gotten to the point where we are storming the Bastille
Like every time Bill Maher opens his mouth
All I all I hear is the fucking hammers cocking on the red states like like like shotguns like
They're like is there a way to reach out to these people and hug them and like like isn't there a way to make ourselves attractive?
to people that are bummed out that are
Apprehensive about becoming part of the Borg cube
Are we are we just gonna shout at everybody that isn't as open-minded as us is that was is that what we're gonna do?
Is that how we're going to achieve revolution? Are we just going to shout at people?
No, we shouldn't
Right so so so when you
When you run into someone on the street, and they go like I think black people aren't as tall as white people
Are you are you going to?
What are you gonna do to that guy? Are you gonna hit him in the head with a brick?
I would give I would give him a hug or something and be like no was that would give him a hug. No
No, you would know it would be more like no no no no black people are just as tall as white people I
Just want to know you just compare black people to six-eyed people and ignorant people
You put them in the same category of
Disability no, I didn't you said it's okay to be black. It's okay to be gay. It's okay to be a mutant
You gave black people the right to be okay about being crazy
I
Don't know what you're talking about
But I know one thing that every every thing that we talk about we're trying to move forward into a Roddenberry universe
Where there is no such thing as hierarchy and the way we're trying to accomplish it is
We're trying to use the tools that the old world used. We are trying to march on
Washington we are trying to show people that mob rule like works that those were the tools that they showed us
Are effective though that was the justification
Do you really think that we're gonna enter a world where there's so many?
Transgendered 16 year olds that they finally gonna vote in Congress or do you think the more objective pragmatic
Perpa Jigol should be for us to arrive at a point of consciousness where we stop judging people for who they
These these things that have nothing to do with with the streets getting cleaned and the and the economy being
Balance it's it that we weird they have they have trapped us in this rats maze like they tell us that oh, oh, yeah
You I'm sure you'd love a handicap ramp at the YMCA you go get six more cripples and talk to me later
It's bullshit. It's fucking horseshit
Capitalism is wrong because a dollar ends up being worth more than some human being that you're stepping over
That's it a crowd if a crowd of a group full of people intelligent people like this audience here decided
They don't like what's going on on stage. They have every right to go boo. Fuck that like no, they don't no
They don't they have every right to do it, but I think they're assholes
That's bullying
Oh, I'm used to that. I've been bullied my whole life. It's I think that a crowd that booze is like
It's taking part in something. I don't think people weren't linking arms and I said cool
Can we can we pillory her can we can we can we can we can we burn her at the stake like it wasn't that
It was like fucking I'm using that you actually you should be pillory. Yeah. No, okay
kinky
Nobody nobody here was being a villain out in the audience
They all agreed as one and they didn't like it was what was for sale on stage
I think that's that's healthy and fine, right? It's healthy and fine to take part in a large group of people
Saying the same thing in unison chanting it at people
If everybody is an agreement people were going along with that swept up in the commotion and the emotion of a mob
And that's not okay, but it wasn't I think there were you know 15 20 people in the audience going like now
I don't like it like fucking move it along. I think we're not gonna get anything ever done here
But you can't you can't you can't mandate that this audience doesn't have the right to ever go fuck. No, you're right. You're right
I can't mandate that you're right. I can't say you don't have the right to boo
There are things that you could do on the stage
It could absolutely alienate and bum everybody out in this room
There's things that you could go too far and you could piss people off and they have the freedom on the right to say
That's fucking bullshit and let's throw shit at that guy like that's that's that's that's totally
Fair and I think I think what happened was weird last week because all of a sudden as one that everyone just like turned on you
Was that it was it was it was like it was a strange like like dynamic that just went boom and all of a sudden you were
Like like I said I admit I had said something that was a little you know that it was not appropriate
I should have revised my speech and say it reflect my opinion in a way that was more diplomatic
Obviously and I like I said I never meant to offend anyone
But had I just been given five more seconds
I would have explained myself and I would have been like actually what I meant to say was and it would have been fine
No, I don't I thought I think I don't think you would have I think you would have upset them work
That's the thing like it's about the it's about the booing and the chanting and all that shit
That's all I mean
I don't like like this hero worship this idea that we have to find the person that says the right things
We have to lift them up like it just yeah, I mean if it makes anyone feel better
I have never said the right thing ever in my life and they're I'm probably never will so that only makes me human
But I hope I hope I hope you feel my pain. Let's feel as it's pain. Thank you for coming up
Let's chant her off stage everybody
Oh
What's that guy's name Greg all right cuz I wrote it down
All right, let's bring Spencer up
Hello Spencer the inventor of I Harmon or a chest note so whatever you want to call it
Do you have a name for your invention Spencer? I
If I were to like write in permanent marker on the cover, I would write Harmon's brain
Harmon's right. Yeah, just cuz that's what it does
But if you wanted to market this invention to other people that I wouldn't you wouldn't
marketing's just lies
Speaking of marketing I would want to point out that the I Harmon mock mock three is
Equipped with paracord which can support up to three hundred thirty pounds
So that can save someone's life or maybe you know strangle a foe. Yeah
Like the idea that if I die someone can take it off my neck and they can know what I was working on when I yeah
But also if somebody wanted to murder Dan, he's already got it. I didn't want yeah, he's already got it
He's already got a strangled
Seems counterintuitive to get my my employer killed. There's a built-in
There's a built-in drunken meter which the subreddit has requested because you can see from my head handwriting
The like at the bottom of this page. It just says in this weird serial killer scrawl. I do what I want
I
It starts at the top with like cat litter
Dog food and then at the bottom. It says I do what I want you can barely read it
Greg
That's something that that's something that a phone can't store is the the manic energy
So you feel that the the the convenience of having this always around your neck out
Outweighs the awkwardness of having that around your neck at all times. No, I'll get through it
I mean, I there's an awkward. I don't think I am I don't think this lasts very long
My prediction is you don't stick to this for very long. I'm not gonna let that affect how long I wear
Nor should I'm just saying I put it out there. I don't think you would be affected by this
I think that this this is a thing. It's a passing fancy broken through a threshold, you know, like what's his name?
A star star counter. What's his name? Stephen Hawking? Oh?
He was a heavy drinker party guy like I saw a documentary about him like he
Fucked around like he was he was smart and he had a good time
And then one day he was like hanging out like I'll see you later. I'm gonna smash that bus
I'll see you and then and then he like
Tumbled down some stairs and went to a doctor and they said you got you got a disease
You're you're a balloon and you're gonna deflate and you're in the clocks ticking and he went
I got a I got some shit to do now
He was very young when he got that wake-up call and he obviously all of humanity has benefited from him doing that
I'm just a 40 year old hack like I just I just want to like I clearly I could feel my brain has gotten to a point where
I'm not thinking anything. It's gonna help anybody anymore. I just it's gonna like like like you know like the guy in
Wearing a notebook around your neck certainly sends off a message of you give up
There's a surrender a kind of white flag being waved. Yeah, exactly
So wait flagged every 25 year old writer like come up to me and go like like what should I do?
My brain don't work no more
Yeah, I'm gonna I'm gonna yeah, I'm gonna go out like practical
Like if I could turn my shoe into a phone, I'd do it. I don't know if that was practical. Yeah, is that practical?
Spencer, I don't know yet
I'm gonna find out I came to you with this idea. This was here. I didn't you helped me with this. Oh, yeah, I
Mean, I don't know what else to say about it
It's why don't you have one of these because I have well, I have a green moleskin thing that I have
So I have one. I just don't have it around my neck
The important thing about this is it's fast. Yeah, no, that's I designed it that way
That was that was literally I guess I'm just more of a of a superficial fashion conscious guy
You're behind me right on this, right? Yeah, I think it's probably one of the best methods
You could do it because it was like you're illustrating with your phone
I'd say, you know, it's kind of like a camera and that you know your note taking device is the one you have with you
So that's always with you. Yeah, but you know, it's it's hard to have your phone out all the time
But I'd say the phone's the best, but if you're not gonna use your phone, that's better
It seems a bit like a social barrier though. Maybe that's maybe maybe that's part of your subconscious
Like a charm of this. It's an icebreaker. I'm hanging out with you
I'm hanging out with me now. It's Benicio del Toro gonna be like, oh, it's done harm it. Oh, like, like, oh
Oh god, the friendship that never ended. Like, like, come on. I got you and I got a rock
I got a dog
I hang out with you and now you got a big
Hey, yeah, can you handle it and what we were we were having drinks earlier on you spent half the time looking at your little notepad
It's just it's just a toy that you can not let make eye contact
Down. Yeah. Yeah, just like no sometimes you weren't you just looking through your thing
It's just a way to make less eye contact. So you're enforcing your your lack of ability to connect with people
He's doing it right now. He's doing it right now. I'm looking up stuff that I was writing down when you're talking
You're just getting you're just you're just shy. You're just you're you're terrible about being with other people
You're you're terrible about being with me. Thank you
You
Hey
Where do you get those notepads Jeff these ones? Yeah, um, look at that. That's I went to two staples
They didn't have anything so I got that one and I cut it with a paper cutter
These are from duane. I don't know do any paper
And I there's a gift shop and sort of like I'll buy you a pack that they're okay. That's awesome. They're good
I just want to do a quick quick quick lightning at Harmontown like quick guest spot. Okay. We just do this real quick
Oh, yeah, can I bring up my neighbors?
absolutely
Dan and Beth Bootson
Bootsons
Can I put
Unless unless you guys don't want to come up just want to do a quick. Hello. Hello, Beth
Yeah
Dan and Beth Bootson their last name is
Are these are these the same Bootsons that you uh, that you said disparaging things about in the previous podcast
It's a disparaging. Thanks. We went we went to their uh
Backyard party and then we came here and then uh, yeah, I talked for for Harmontown aficionados
Uh, Beth Bootson is the person I referred to as the tumor lady
Who had a like you took out your iphone and you had an x-ray of your head
Like a profile of it and truly am I exaggerating it was the size of a
beyond the golf ball
well, my I had a brain tumor last year and um
Initially how it I found out I had a brain tumor was that um, I swim laps at uh in pasadena at the rose ball aquatic center
And I had a seizure in the pool
And what does the seizure feel like like or what happens? It was the very first time I'd ever had one
It's the only one I've ever had but um, I can remember
Um, and it happened so quickly it almost feels like you're passing out except I can remember that
I felt like um, like I didn't have control of my limbs
and um, and luckily I was
Swimming on my back in the water and um, there was the lifeguard exchange
Which is apparently the most dangerous time for a lifeguard to even see somebody drowning
Um, but apparently what do you mean like that was shift change or yes? Yes, because they're talking to each other
They're just hanging out. Yeah, they're hanging out. It's hard to be a left good. Yes, and
Bored Sam
And there was a lifeguard that all the other lifeguards made fun of because he was the overly diligent one
And he's the one who happened to see me
Drowning flailing in the pool
Yes, um, and it's in the it's in the competitive pool where all the swimmers that swim there are very very good swimmers
So at first they thought we have a winner pay attention to the swimmers because everybody knows how to swim
It's not like guarding the little kiddie pool or something like that
So I had my seizure and luckily they
um, saw me and
They jumped in and or one of the guys jumped in well, they were all there, but one of them
uh, alarmed everybody else
um, the other one another one jumped in and um,
um, basically pushed my head up out of the water and let me finish having my seizure Jesus
Yes, and then after they got underneath you and they're like she's having a seizure
They just lifted you like don't just my head
So they just lifted my head up out of the water
So I wouldn't take in any water and they let me finish having my seizure and uh, then they pulled me to the end
They had already called the ambulance and um, I was rushed to Huntington hospital, which is about four minutes away
and, um
When I was there, I was
I had already come to in the ambulance and um, I felt very lucky because you know how you have to
Always wait for somebody to take care of you when you're in the ER. I didn't have any weight at all and um, the
uh, doctor walked in
And he told me that it was my lucky day
Because I had the chief neurologist on call that day and that was him
Like the Native Native American guy, right? Yes. Yeah
He says I'm I'm Dr. Kate in and I'm your and I'm the chief neurologist here and I'm gonna take care of me big chief neurologist
I didn't even know that's what you do
I thought you were just making it more dramatic. I thought I didn't know he was doing a pun. I thought like
I thought he was making it more dramatic like it was like, uh, I think I did
so
So, uh, god damn it. I don't the brain tumor was very big and right now
I have a hole in my brain the size of a meatball
And that's the hole a size of a delicious meatball
Like that's some bullshit meatball that like from from chef Boyardy like a fucking mama
Yeah, are we talking are we talking italians? Are we talking meatballs? We talking like Ikea, swedish?
Like bigger than a golf ball little Dom's. Oh, that's big. That's like that's like a wiffle ball size
And that was I mean he took out basically about half of the tumor so half of the tumor is still in there
Wait, just hanging out there?
Yeah, it's in there and he didn't want to go any further
He didn't want to take any more out because he was a he didn't want me to end up in a wheelchair or
Talking with a drool. So is it just sitting in there? You have to go back every year?
Well, I went he said he goes we're going to take care of the rest of it with cyber knife
Cyber knife radiation treatment
Wait, uh, can they make that sound a little more ominous? Yeah, I know a little more like gi joe
Bring out cyber knife
A weeks later
Probably about a month later after I'd already had the surgery and stuff they took me and
It's a whole procedure where there's like this big star wars gun
That's in this room and they have already made a mask of your face
And they basically screwed, you know, I'm in the mask and they screwed me to the table and the table's kind of moving like this and this big
Star wars gun. They have to custom make the mask of your face. Yeah. Yeah, we still have it
It's like a gauze except they have some liquid on it and um, because it's that precise like like so it has to be a
Yes, it matches my face exactly to hold you to hold you in place or they yeah, they don't want my head moving
Right while cyber knife has given you the business. Yeah, so I'm there for a whole hour
I pictured you strapped to a table like james bond and goldfinger
You expect me to talk chief neurologist
I showed him the uh
I mean it's a cartoon. It's not a video. No, it's a photos of it is a car. It's like a cartoon. It's like the MRI photos
It's it's it's a human skull like for it for viewed from the side and there is a larger than golf ball
perfectly round
That's what's amazing is that like this cancer
Still adheres to this like mine was I had a very very rare kind mine was non-cancerous
But what does that mean as well? I mean that thing of it is is you could have a brain tumor that's cancerous
And you might be fine. It depending on what stage they catch it in
How can a tumor not be cancerous? I but you could have one that's non-cancerous and depending on where that brain tumor is
If it's right here by your brain stem
Here you could be dead, right? So it whether it's cancerous or non-cancerous it it
Um, doesn't decide whether or not you're going to live. So you're just this lucky person that just had this jiggy
I had a very very rare type of link from outer space. It was so big
Yeah, they just scooped it out with a melon baller left some of it behind
Yeah, and it's still in there. What did they replace that space with or they just leave a cavity in there?
No, it just feels it was lived in and then
But they said eventually that um all the little veins and cap cap, you know things that um
Capillaries will
um
Make connections again, and like half my body was very weak. I was in a walker
I couldn't walk for about a full month without
um
Falling or perhaps having a seizure. So I had uh, I was in a walker for about a month and then I eventually grew
Graduated to a king. Did they ever tell you steroids? Did they retell you you might now walk again and blah blah blah?
You know they're always worried about that, but um, luckily I have a very very good surgeon and um, the other thing
Um, what was I going to say?
It's okay. You have a hole in here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you have the ultimate out. Yeah
You should have a notepad around your neck
Have you ever used it to win arguments really be honest?
You know what I was going to say it was because you know when they um
When they said when they were going to do the surgery what they do is they usually shave your whole head
But my mom and my sister were very worried about my hair. They said, you know, can't you just leave some of it?
Maybe put a you know flap or something like that
See if the strange thing to be worried about
She has such nice hair
And what my doctor was very considered he just shaved me up here on top and then they um
You know cut open the scalp and roll that back
Yeah, and then and then they drill he they drill into the skull
Oh, and you know he wanted to put a metal plate in my head
And I remember him telling me what that he was going to do that and I said
I said, do you have to put the metal plate in? He says yes, because I might have to go in over and over again
I said, well, just can't you just put my skull back and then if you have to go in a second time
Then you'll put the metal plate in and he said, okay. I can do that
Well, you can just
So I do have my skull. I just pictured myself going through the airport and that beeper going up
Oh, how embarrassing
And also I wondered if it would affect my hair
But that would be I would I would love that I would go like it would start beeping. I go. I had a fucking tumor
I know it's saunter through throw shoes at them
How many tumors have you had mother fucker?
Well, you know what and the thing of it is is I actually consider this
One of the best things that has ever happened to me
because I feel like I've had
So many gifts that have come from having the brain tumor and one of them is that
I have clarity as to what's important in life and what's not
and I also
What is I mean
Clarity like like that's that's the thing I wanted to talk to you about because we had as I told you that
We have seek up here is an aneurysm survivor. He's got a time bomb in his head as he like like he talks about it like
What is that like what what is
What is it important about life? He said no spoilers. He said
Give more than you take. That's that's his takeaway from the whole thing
Give more than you take from life. Is there anything you can add to that? Sorry. I don't mean to well, you know
I I one of the things that I really
Um felt lucky to be able to experience was that um
I got to see all the love and light
Come in my way and most people when they have their funeral are not there to actually see that from other people or from god or
From from so many from everybody, you know, um
People thinking that you might die neighbors. Um, everybody at work. Um, my family
But all our other neighbors he yeah these guys
Um, I felt like I I remember
Um
Thinking that um, you know, I didn't really feel bad for me. I felt bad. I was really really quite worried about
um, my husband and my 13 year old son and
My parents and so you felt like you were going to possibly die
Right. I said yes at some point and you handled that in a way that so in that moment when you started my concern was not for me
You started to feel bad for all the people. Yeah, because I thought, you know, I'll be dead and I won't know the difference
My concern was for all of my um family
and um, especially my immediate family and even all my friends because I knew
There were some friends that very care very much for me and I it gives a person the um
And I got to see how everybody deals with their own mortality
and some people were
very open to um
Kind of rushed there to help or wanted to be there for me
Some just kind of holed up in a room
And those were very good friends and I never heard a word from them and I knew why I wasn't hearing from them
Yeah, they were scared. I'd probably be one of those. Yeah, I knew they were scared to death
Before I met you I might be one of those before I met seek. I I'm very uncomfortable with sickness and things
Like I I I haven't had loved ones, you know, it's like I needed to talk to people that were cool with it
Yes, and then that's you know, I knew that I had to reach out to them
Because I knew a lot of them thought oh, she's going to end up
You know with a completely different personality
And maybe have half of my wits gone so to speak and that would freak them out because it wouldn't be the person they knew
um, and
So I I knew I had to call
Everybody and let them know that I was still me
um that
Beth
You know the bet they knew was still was still here
She did a lot of kind of work for other people. I was reaching out to other people
um, and then I think and I also saw people that
were
I walked into this one restaurant
And I'm just going to tell the story because it's how it's funny how everybody quiet for one minute
Let her talk. It's funny how everybody deals enough out of you, sir
It's quite enough out of you. It's funny how everybody deals with their own mortality
And I had walked into this one restaurant, and I'm not going to name the name because I actually love
I actually love their pulled pork sandwiches a lot, so I'm not going to mention their name
No, we go to little doms all the time. We mentioned it, but there was a woman in there and I still go there
I still go there despite what happened
um, I I was in my I walked in there
Um, and I had been in there before and the lady
I know she recognizes me
And um, I had walked in there and with my walker and of course I had a scarf around my head
And I was probably bloated because of all the medications that I was on. No, you look great
I remember those I remember that
and um
I walked in and I know she recognized me and because and she's seen my husband before too and um
I could tell she was clearly uncomfortable
and um
I asked her if I could use the restroom
And and I had done that before even one before even had this happen to me and they were fine
she was fine with me and using the restroom before
and uh, the restroom's in the back behind the counter
um, and um, I said could I use your restroom?
And I could tell she was freaked out by me
And she says well, it's not um
She says it's not open to the public
And I said well, you know before I'd I'd she never had a problem with me using it
And I said well, I'm not open to yeah, yeah, and I said well, I'm not the public. I'm a customer
So I want your customer restroom
And and she said and she kind of just freaked out and then she says
Well, okay, but don't touch anything. What?
Wait, you you asked to use just the regular ladies room at the at the restaurants or or or
Restroom that they had there it was a restroom that they have there that I've you know
Every time I had visited before they didn't she didn't have a problem with it. Okay
Okay, so I thought not because you you seem like some sort of damaged
Yeah, well, I'm obviously damaged now. I think she thought that she might catch what I had
Oh, yeah, yeah
So I thought to myself, you know, you get to see all different ways that people deal with something
As you know traumatic as this. Yeah, I mean that's a huge thing like we we have
As a tv writer and producer like, uh, you know, like like 70s Norman Lear. He's an activist
He's going to make sure finally black people and white people are going to like
We're going to use the sitcom to overcome this thing and like now we're living in this maelstrom of like
What what did you say about gay people and bisexual people and transgender people and we're we're getting through all this stuff
And but still lingering. I think the biggest thing of all like the giant the giant elephant in the room is like
Somebody rolls into a room in a wheelchair and it's like I you have an instinctive reaction
Yeah, I wish that they weren't in a wheelchair. What are they? Yeah, well, how did they get that way?
That's that's completely different from from everything. It's it's interesting
Especially because she knew me as kind of a vital person beforehand
And then all of a sudden I walk in and I'm in a walker. She went home at night
She would there was a photo of you and she would god this woman is so vital
Well, you know, it's funny when you walked in with a walker. She's like my my world is well, you know
I was so outraged and my husband said well, what is your problem?
I and then I told him what she had said and he says oh, well, geez because we won't go there again
I said no, we're going there. I love those
I mean there
I bet I bet if we had her up here
You know what and and some weird story when we went back afterwards when I had, you know
When he had healed and I was looking normal again. She just she practically bent over backwards to
To yeah, that's the moral of story be normal
Yeah
Membership has its privileges
Thank you. Thank my neighbors Beth and Dan Bootson
Thank you so much. We'll have them back again. I
I want to talk to Dan about his dad
We ran at a time, but well, I want to have Dan back because
Dan Dan Dan's dad was like this fucking
Uh, I'll have him explain it honestly. Like Dan's dad was this original
A hippie before being a hippie was cool. Uh, it was I don't even know. We'll interview him about it
It was very interesting. It's nice like after Beth you go through all that and Dan, you know
You watch your wife go through all this, you know trauma and stuff and then you listen to your neighbor's podcast
And he's talking because your wife the tumor lady, you know
It's like it's uh, it's nice, but I didn't you know, they call me seizure girl seizure girl
Seizure girl and cyber knife
Check it out friday
I don't uh, you know, I went yeah, or whatever cyber knife. That's fucking a while cyber knife
Uh, all right, spencer. What do you want? What?
What do you mean? What do I want? Yeah, what do you want?
I'd like to regale you guys with a story that's almost as interesting as a tumor
No
Spencer, do you think you know how to take a compliment?
I mean, I've learned since doing Harmontown how to take a compliment. I think I think you're a wonderful person. Thanks, ma'am
When your delivery is so so monotone, it's hard to say it always sounds like I mean, I know that that wasn't sarcastic
Maybe I haven't learned how to take a compliment
He's still you got some you got some defense mechanisms about you. Oh all sorts
Like the people would say things to you out of deference and and then you're you're you're
Instinctive reaction is to go. Yeah, fuck you
Yeah, you were saying earlier about how like when people are fishing for stuff you shut down
I do that too like I when people are
Trying to like get a response out of me. I just can't and I just like no fuck off
And like when I do something funny or say something funny and then someone's like hey do the thing
I'm like fuck off. Go fuck yourself
Yeah, what is that? It's spontaneity and it's the spice of my brand of comedy
All right, yeah, I agree
I thought like people go like do Sean Connery do Sean Connery. I'm like, no, fuck you. Yeah, it's like no
The time I nailed Sean Connery. Yeah, exactly. We were in a submarine
Yeah, I do agree but and when people just doesn't infuriate you
When when you can sense that someone is actually trying to get you to tell them that they're smart or pretty
Yeah, because so much of the time it's like it's not like I don't like you
I'd be I'd be willing to like, you know talk about how great you are
But just don't try and think you're you that's the thing is they think they're like gonna outsmart you and
They're they're better than yeah. Yeah. Yeah, fuck them. Exactly. Yeah. God damn it. Yes
God damn it. I love you so much. Yeah
Thank you for taking that compliment
Yeah, they think they're they think they're manipulating you. Well, they yeah, they're definitely I'm enamored with other people
I'm enamored with them. That's so and when you give someone a compliment. Do they burst into tears? I don't think so. Well, they I
Happens when I do it
Yeah, you'll grow into it. Yeah
Uh, I just say like like like you say you say nice things to people that you really mean like hey
You really, you know, you did a good job today. Good job. And it's meaningful because they're not saying it all the time. Yeah
God damn it fucking insects
Parasites
See you fucking
How many times a day or a week or a month do do people come at you and fish your compliments?
Like how frequent is it like eight times a day? Really?
Like give me like an actual dude as often as it happens to you and happens all the time you call it conversation
Everyone does it to each other. Everyone does it to each other
But like I mean give me like a give me a for instance not not my shirt
But my pants somebody's coming up to you and going like uh, okay, so let's just improv a conversation
Okay, I give me a suggestion anatoly. Give me a say a noun
Table, okay
Hey, uh, good job on this table. Thank you. Thank you for making the table
You're welcome. I'm a I'm a really good carpenter. Yeah
It's got four legs. It's crazy. You did good. Good job on the varnish. Uh, thank you very much. It's nice. I mean
I tried I tried as hard as I could to put it in the right place
I don't really know what i'm doing when it comes to tables
I don't
wait
Yeah, exactly
That does not happen to me eight times a day
I know uh, well
Like give me a real world saying I just did that's not a real nobody goes up and touch is awkward about the table
I've made
People who are always like i'm such an idiot like like that
The people some I know it's not everyone some people are honestly like oh, i'm so stupid
But some people are just like i'm such an idiot. You know, I went to the store. Here's what happens
Yeah, here's what happens to me all the time. Here's what happens to me constantly. Okay
You just finished doing a show uh, and good night. Okay
I go into a little hey, hey, uh, thank you. Thank you. I enjoyed you in the show. Oh, thank you very much. Thanks. You're kind of like
I uh, I I'm an idiot and I don't I don't I don't
I don't I shouldn't I shouldn't be talking to you right now. Yeah, you probably should
No, I see every day. Yeah, that's that's the thing I get that
Here's what I'll add. I think that your experience is not the same experience for everybody because
Uh, I think that like I I noticed from you and my friends that everybody attracts a certain kind of crazy and
I got like uh, when people are weird to you and people like come at you at a party or after a show
Maybe or I've seen it a million times. We've talked about this people come to you
To for an affirmation that they don't come to me for like people want you to think they're smart
It's it's very important that people when people like are weird around you what they're asking is like
I really need Dan Harmon to tell me that I'm an intelligent smart person and like Rob Schraber friend
He's really creative people come to him and they can freak him out and bum them out
But they want they need Rob to say you're creative and for me
It's always like the people like that they want me to tell them that they're cool
That what they like is cool like they want style like or what like like coolness points and stuff like that
But you said we have very different kind of stuff people come at you and say I'm an idiot
They don't I don't get that kind of thing. Yeah
Like people be little themselves because they need you to say no you're smart. You're this and I've never in my life
I've never honestly. I've never said in response to somebody saying like
Oh, I'm an idiot. I've never gone like no, you're great
Like I just have never been able to do it. Yeah, because it would be so strange
I just kind of it's silence and then the and then I feel like they go away and they go
I said it was an idiot. He didn't argue with me
Like I don't know. I don't know if you're an idiot. I don't know
But you have the power to make people feel like an idiot like if like if thank you see you they see
That wasn't the compliment that wasn't the compliment
idiot
I
Just pointed at a guy and called him an idiot
Yeah, but the thing is like that that's a joke that might actually actually sting coming from you because like I mean
I've known you for a long time and if I'll say idiot
What are you doing? You're like I'm fucking testing your theory. You're like Godzilla. Don't do it idiot
You're a fucking idiot. How dare you get out of bed today. What's your name?
Austin Austin more like shit brain
What the fuck were you thinking your parents were right your gym teacher was right?
How dare you try?
Fuck you, Austin
Look it's he's got you have a fucking smile
You shall not pass
Yes
You Tyler fuck you Tyler
Fuck you
Tyler
You you do enjoy the power that you wield to be to make somebody feel stupid. No, I don't
No, yes, you do. No, I don't because you never it's never got me anymore
I'm not saying you that you profit if any from it, but when you when you when you're bummed out and you want to
Even the the the score that you perceive is out of balance
You are very very deft and capable of making somebody feel like an absolute piece of shit like it like intellectually
And you can do it with like with a with a very small stroke from it though. No profits. None. It's not it's not a profitable
No, it's a curse. Yeah
So people look at my face and they think that those are my cheekbones. They think that I think that they're stupid. I don't give a shit
That's the thing. That's the crazy thing
What do you mean?
Oh
How dare you?
All right, let's uh, let's let's let's play judges the dragon. All right, so let's work work these issues out
Aaron will you join us again?
You okay, baby? I'm fine. Oh, okay
You that was a weird entrance. You came up like like you have a lot in your mind that you look like there was there's an issue of
Bruin
No, it's all final
Uh, okay sounds not fine. All right. No, it's all it's all fine. It's not say it. No
No, it's not it's not worth it
All right, no, we can't we can't because then if she says it then she'll be able to go you dragged it out of me
I'm trying to be a more responsible person on stage and we spent the entire time
We spent see the way I said it. Yeah
Yeah
Okay, let's just let's just not talk about it. Let's just let let's just let it linger in the room like a weird weird
I don't think that dance being totally honest by the way he feels and we'll talk about it later and it's fine
But it's totally fine. No
Lock the doors
Nobody leaves. No, what do you mean? What do you mean? What does that mean? We should talk about that
What do you mean? Aaron don't make us bring out. I mean our
All right
Are you being ostentatiously needy
My favorite thing ever a blog called me ostentatiously needy. I've never been happier
What if you just say a black called you ostentatious a blog? No, I said a blog
But let's talk about why you heard a black. What were you? What was I I mean, I'm if I'm guilty of anything
It's a boring episode
Oh, it's about to get less boring. Was I dishonest?
I do think you were dishonest, but I but maybe you were keeping your honesty private. I don't know. What what are you talking about?
What do you mean? I mean exactly
Had damn it. I can't keep any secrets. I'm a terrible person. I'm sorry. I'm sorry
I
I mean our friend who begs for compliments the most by being self-deprecating is Spencer. Yeah, who's okay. Yeah
All right
And I drive and spencer as my friend. It's we create. I don't it's it's fine. Whatever. I'm sorry. I definitely do it
What I definitely do it
Right. Okay. I'm like the worst
All right
Which is why you're friends
Yeah, I know spencer's the worst about it. He's 23 years old
I also did I miss you guys talking about how he's the worst about it because you and I were literally talking about it on the way here
I did. Oh, okay
All right. Okay. All right. Okay. Okay in a very loving way because we both love spencer so much
But we were literally saying how much we love spencer and how it annoys us
I didn't know dishonesty was defined by not saying everything that you talk about in the car in the way to the show
You're right. Which is why I shouldn't have said anything
But okay, I was just honest spencer. I mentioned that yes, you deflect a lot of compliments. Yeah
Yeah, I feel like I've gotten better. But you know
Fuck you
Spending the best dungeon master in the world. Okay, you see
I don't know. That's not even an objective thing
Wait, wait that the spencer spencer deflects so many compliments. That's a that's that's an issue. No, I fish
It's not even compliments. It's just for compliments all the time. No, I'm just honestly self deprecating
Okay, we'll see that's what I was speaking to earlier. So there you go
Is being so why not talk about is being self deprecating necessarily fishing for a compliment is saying no, no, it's not
But it appears the same way in most contexts
Yeah
Being self deprecating is a way to kind of
Make at least for me it's been kind of a defense mechanism to if someone is being intact
It's like and aggressive. I do self deprecation tools like yeah, totally agree. You're right
That's sort of a sort of a defense mechanism. Sure, which is totally which is totally true
But then there are also but there there's also like there are people who are in love who maybe have a lot of things about themselves that they don't like
And we'll say
That they don't like certain things about themselves, which is like a natural thing. Do I look fat in these genes?
Being the classic
Being the classic being the classic like specifically people in love. You said no not specifically
I was I was doing a very bad joke
Um
No, there's so everything's great. Did you see that this guy looks just like johnny pemberton and the front row
Johnny pemberton. Isn't that crazy? Kind of does. Yeah, there's no need to lash out at people
Oh, no, I think Johnny pemberton's great looking. He does look like yeah, he does look like johnny
Yeah, no, no, no, it's fine. I think spent like I now think it's adorable. You spent the whole car right here just bashing spencer
No, no, no, I deserve it
I just thought it was ironic. No not bashing him at all. We both are obsessed with him
He works for dad. We both talk to him constantly. I love spencer text him. I don't know about constantly
I will text you more talking to people constantly would be weird anyway, but that would be weird that would be weird
No, I
It's it's it's totally fine
It's frustrating because we like you so much and it feels like you were you are constantly putting yourself down
Because it's not even a compliment thing. It's not when there's a compliment. It's no. I know it's even like i'm shitty at putting down a
Book and I am no one's shitty at putting that
He is shitty putting books down
Podcast listeners wouldn't know
Yeah, you're gonna hate his house there's books in the ceiling and shit
I I regret this entire thing
But i'm just saying it's it's comes from a very loving place. I love
You spencer. I agree with everything you've been saying. Well, and I just accept the loving me part
I spencer I love you. Yeah
You got a funny way of showing it car ride lady
No, we were literally whatever it's fine. I'm so sorry. Well, let's play a really uncomfortable dungeon of dragons
That's it
Spencer if you would
Last time oh good job
Harmon
town
Our hero look what you did to him had
I'll leave. Oh, no
Oh
Yeah, that's what I always wanted
No, it's it's all fine everybody. Can you guys see my nightmare right now? Or is it just me? I don't know why you're so uncomfortable
I'm fine. I'm sorry. Go go go anyway
Last time on Harmontown our heroes had just felt an ogre and an icy canyon
They led a skeleton army through the gate towards the black keep the fortress of Admiral Darkstar
And as they marched up the icy slope and climbed out of the canyon
They saw that their skeletons had vanished before them was a mighty army of darkness and as our heroes charge forward at their foes
They plunged through a trap floor or a trap door in the floor
Sliding down into an icy dungeon separated by walls of ice and facing down doors quark melted through the icy barriers with
His flaming swords reuniting the party. They checked the doors treasure traps gags and giant snowflakes ensued
Using their neutra found treasure they attacked but none so much as Mulraines whisper bow and as she whispered to said bow
It began to glow firing off two arrows destroying the snowflake with massive damage
That sounds like that should whatever
Thanks a lot erin
You fucked him up. You fucked him up for life. You were away. You broke spencer. You broke him
The way out was a staircase ahead, but Chris de Burghen Mulraine were bleeding heavily from their jagged wounds from the snowflake
They encountered earlier
What would you do?
Yay spencer
Until such time as he does something wrong, I would like to invite tyler up to play Chris de Burgh tyler welcome back
The crowd goes mild
It's the inappropriate reaction
That was a tentative welcome to the stage from the audience. I'm terrible. I'm awful dng nobody. Yeah, that's what I've been
No, it there's one thing you can say about you. You're good at dnd. You know what you're doing in the dungeon fishing for compliments
You're great at it. Oh, thanks
We all fish for compliments. You guys are doing great. I'm sorry. I want to just I want to say I'm sorry
I know you were you were saying that the the subreddit was like, oh tyler's doing great up here
And I was sort of deflected it and that was me doing that. So I apologize whom me. Yeah, yes a couple weeks ago
I think you were like, hey the subreddit seems like you and I was like, I don't know and blah blah blah
So I once again was terrible tanky compliment. I apologize. We all do it
We all have blood on our hands. In the most fun way you complimented yourself in front of this audience. It's very fun
I wasn't intentional. Maybe I'm not paying attention. I don't really feel like this is a big issue in my life this whole this whole thing
No, no, no. I don't see why you guys are so bent out of shape about this stuff like it's
It doesn't it doesn't torture me that people like like diminish themselves
You don't constantly have people coming up to you and saying, uh, I guess you don't think I dressed that good
It happens once in a while. So we oh
You think I'm underdressed like yeah, fucking dress up fucking make an effort cocksucker. All right. It's Friday night
You have you have sandals on fucking pull it together. Okay. Well, the rest of us have a problem with that
No, I I I people want to lower themselves beneath me. It's like I'll do everything
I'll do everything I can to lift them back up. I'll say that's like no
No, you need to stand your ground and be there adonis. Okay. Well, no, no, I'm just saying like I feel like
I'm not tortured by the people are constantly like every time somebody does something
Self-deprecating. I don't feel like they're trying to pick my pockets
Like you like I think you think that they're trying to do that
They're trying to hoodwink you're out smart you into saying something like I don't what do you do?
But in that moment you for real facetiousness aside
You do what do you give them what they want to hear?
Jeff you probably think that I'm an asshole because I'm because I'm dressed this way right because I'm not wearing a suit
Um, if somebody said like I mean
What are you talking about man?
People like people will come up and go like, uh, I guess I'm underdressed and I go like, yeah
You know, but that's a joke like I'll make a joke at it. It's like that's what I want to do
It's it's a deflection thing. It's like but some people will just be self-deprecating as a nature
That's what I do kind of sometimes. It's you know, you go into a perceived crowd of people who are cooler
X
Slash more popular whatever than you and you just kind of have to go in and assume like yeah, they know that I am bad
So I kind of you know make self-deprecating things to kind of put myself on their level
It's not even a thing that I sort of consciously do it just sometimes in conversation. It happens
Yeah, I think I think people that natural instinct is to come in low
Especially to strangers or people that they maybe like, you know
If you're if you're a fan of a comedy podcast and you meet somebody it's it's or you know people that you know
No Spencer for you know from now you're you're you know mild notoriety from this like people are gonna come in like act weird
I think that's just a natural human thing and also it's I don't know. I find it sort of a tactic to be
Disarming it's sort of like I'm not coming at you like look how amazing I am. I'm awesome. I'm cool. I'm like whatever. I'm human
Look at this. I'm kind of
We're cool, right? Yeah, I mean I just
It certainly happens, but I just it's like you saying it happens to you so much that it's a real
Problem for you. Like I don't sense that in my life. I'm not even saying it happens so much as a problem
I'm saying it is my alone. Is anyone else can relate to me on that like
I'm saying I was crazy up here for like not you know how when you're in an office chair
And you're like it's got rollers on the bottom and you're at linoleum
And then you're going into a carpeted area and there's like a little just like a little thing
In a conversation where that happens that I just can't my rolling chair can't
It won't roll past that and someone goes like I guess you think I'm an idiot because I'm a stupid idiot
I guess you think I'm a stupid idiot. I I can't I go
That's certainly a bad conversation that's not that's not a fun conversation to be it's a different thing for dan because people
Look up to you. Oh god. This is the worst episode of the worst podcast in the world
No, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry America. I'm so sorry. No, we love it. Dan. It's amazing. We make this lost episode number two
I I the first one was when I found out I was going back to community
I I I I didn't I just I just I was just a social phenomenon. I thought it happened to everybody like somebody goes like
I know I'm so fat. I'm so fat. I'm so fat like it doesn't matter if you think they're fat or thin or whatever
It's just like this sandbag drops on you and you don't
I think it is a social phenomenon that people just kind of react to differently like
It may be kind of more of an impediment for you, but I guess for a lot of people
I know it's just something that
I don't know whether it's being in LA and just sort of these people act like that
It's they try to find it the most disarming way to get into a conversation
So that oftentimes is a conversation starter for them
Dan are you able to sort out when somebody is trying to get something from you?
And when somebody is just expressing how they feel about themselves? Yes. Okay
All right
Thanks for coming to Harmon Tom
Christopher and Mulraine take four bleeding damage from gashes in their stomachs
Fuck
All right, so we're walking up the staircase right now and bleeding
Uh, uh
Help help me. Yeah, I heal everybody. How do you do that with my healing ring?
I don't think that exists
You tried
I have no healing powers. Uh
Does anyone know healing first aid? I I know healing. I have healing powers. Am I able to heal myself?
You can try and bandage your wounds. Okay bandage my wounds. Oh shit. I forgot dice
I mean, I didn't forget them. They're right here, but I forgot to get them out
I hope there's no mistaking how much I love spencer. I really don't
Loving spencer. It sounds like you spent some time loving him sometime despising everything he does. No, no not Jeff
Come on. You know, that's not true. Oh, yeah, look at that smile. I wish on the podcast
You could see that little that little that little cracker jack Jeff smile
Jeff's one of my best friends. You're a cracker jack. Aaron. You're not being totally honest right now
You you came over to my place yesterday and spent four hours just shit talking spencer
We got a dispenser slumber party and we put on beards and we're like
No, you can't see my face
And then you tried to make out with me, which is what is what is that about? Oh, I can't blame a guy for trying
What's the point of having a spencer slumber party if I can't make my moves
Spencer slumber party. Yeah, okay
Yeah
All right. So, uh, do we heal these people or what will you bandage your wounds and manage to stanch the bleeding?
I can help me. I'm I'm in a bad sitch here. I I try to heal them
With with bandages. Okay
Are you are you good at it do that? Okay? See we're good. Okay. You're good. All right. Let's make some stairs
Let's make something happen out of this adventure. Let's do it
All right, so we walk up the stairs at the stop of the stairs is a brilliantly ornate double door as hard as I can
I didn't even I didn't even get a chance to hear what it was. What are you blind?
It's a thing being kicked. All right as you kick the icy door you feel your foot stick to the door
It's shit
Frost creeps up your leg as it freezes
Fucking I use I use my flaming armor to
Unfreeze him. All right. He takes three ice damage before flying out. Fuck door dance top blindly kicking stuff
What are you doing? I just an aggressive mood
I know
Is there a is there a latch or a handle on this? There's there's handles
um
But you don't want to touch him probably because you'll get ice damage. I mean, who knows man
Um, I can I use my armlet of winter to to calm the to calm the like the ice
I don't do I have power over ice and snow not over a door made of ice
You have a power over like weather snow, but not like if there was an ice cube you couldn't be all like
Hey, fucker do something
I just realized I think I always say who knows man when someone asked me a question that they're right about
Oh, I haven't noticed that oh Spencer Aaron. Let it go
Guys I was bullied for my perfect skin and hair
So lay off I I strike the door with my flaming sword
It melts
My sword of the door the door
My sword of the door a valid question. Yeah
That's what yeah fair
Yeah inside the door you can see a room composed of finely worked stone slabs, which are incredibly even smooth
They kick all of them
Your foot kind of skids off them. It's a really slippery floor
Hmm, you're gonna you're gonna trip and hurt yourself buddy. Talk to us. What's happening? Don't fish for compliments
I'm not fishing. I'm I didn't say I'm terrible talk to me. I said gay people are fine. Okay
I I agree
Wait, what?
What are the what are the what are the stone slabs describe these? Oh, I was describing
Um, the room is freezing cold and on the far side of the room you can see a massive purple beast
Looking like a massive porcupine with great orange and purple spines on its back and glowing green eyes
It's standing in front of a long copper pendulum sort of thing that hangs down from a hole in the ceiling
I run up and before he says anything I say, I just want you to know that is a great copper pendulum
I don't know if it's yours
You say this is a porcupine beast
Porcupine more in every single demon we've tried to talk to
Do just like they light on fire or their eyes get real big and they don't like to kind of send him to me
He's not kind of sending. He's just giving you a note. I'm not I'm saying I'm I'm trying to be real here
I'm not saying I'm not gonna mooray. Maybe you shouldn't do this. I'm not using the lilting tone of voice
I'm saying these demons every time we've run up and talked to them. They're in bad moods. They have had the worst days
You're right. You're right. And yet I I keep on trying to find a demon who's going to relate to me emotionally
I I want that too. But that seems like self-destructive behavior. You're right. You're right. I walk I walk out of the door
I walk I walk out
No, wait. No, no, you don't
I thought you're being like Kate Hudson in the first act of a
No, don't go
Don't drop your papers
I I go I go in the corner and I feel ashamed
Because I guess I made the wrong action and I sit down
No, and I and I start I take start pulling the hair out of my no-go hair
No, when did this show become the most passive aggressive hunk of shit in the world? No, no, listen
I don't
Can anyone speak in a direct active sentence and just fucking say what they want the pork you demon attacks
I'm just saying love can't bloom
All right, Christeberg and Mulraine get hit by flying spines. Great. I open my eye. I'm hoping to catch one in my eye
You don't
Damn
Christeberg takes five damage and Mulraine takes one
Sorry
I was trying to help
Fucking nobody likes anybody friends like these
On the wall behind the porky demon you see a large orange colored door and on either side of the door
Three large stone slabs each standing out of the wall like they're uh, you know hanging out
They jut past the wall. I slam my head against the orange door. Okay
Wait, no, you're on the other side of the room. Okay. I don't do it. Okay
I'm so confused what's going on right now. Yeah, usually I describe a whole room and then you have some idea of what it looks like
How how big is this room? How big is this room? I mean it's it's about 30 by 40. Okay long style
Long okay, so the porcupine and the pendulum are on the other end of the room. Yeah, there's like a series of stone
Yeah stone they look like large circular stone buttons now that I mentioned it
And then where there's also a door behind them or to one of us. Yeah, they're between they're behind they're directly behind the
pendulum, okay
We got to get past this porcupine
Probably all right. I um, I uh, I go fucking wild. I go to a
I do a power attack on this uh with my uh with my mighty sword my new mighty sword that I just found
All right, your power attack misses you go wide power attacks are a lot more wild and less accurate
And that's what happens right. Let's see sound a little defensive
What?
Oh my gosh
I'm like putting in a christopher's attack message, you know, it's like okay, uh, I would like to
Use my amulet of autumn to go invisible and see if I can maybe find a weak point on this giant pointy guy
Does this say how many times you couldn't go twice a day? Okay, it's been the same. We're still on the same day, right?
Yeah, no, we're good. We're good. Yeah. All right, so I'd like to go invisible to see if I can scout around it
And maybe find a weak spot. I mean, I'm assuming it's just little head forever spikes. Yep
Um, fuck
Okay, we got to hit his head. You got to get his head. Um, is that your whole action or can you can you attack?
I can use fishing for a weakness
Fishing for a weakness?
I don't know. He's so big. He's got so many spikes
But wait, no, I'm kidding
Uh, okay, let me see if I can uh, uh, uh, okay
So this we didn't have time to identify this dagger with this stupid ribbon on it
So I'm just going to take my poison dagger and stab him in the face out of stealth
Nice. Take that poison dagger
All right, that happens and you stab him in the face
Awesome dealing 16 damage
Did you add the one detail? I mean 23 damage 23 23 damage
Oh, nice. Good job putting it up. Thank you rainster. Can I can I really quickly do an impression of
Spencer after he finishes making love to a woman?
That happens
That's sorry picture
Uh, can I do an impression of that? I'm gonna go cry
I
Will I see you again and you go who knows man
Can I finish explaining
So you got a new bow last week
Um, I know and if you thank you, is that I know and if you talk and if you talk elvish to it, it gets crazy
All right, I just figured I'd mention it. Okay. Well, I feel obligated. I guess I use the whisper bow
Jesus
I'm not trying to tell you how to play
I know, you know, tyler. I'm I'm doing I'm doing a uh a bad bit and I don't mean it
I think you're doing a really good job. I appreciate how much you care about the show. Thank you
I thought I was doing terrible. No, you're doing a very good job
And I think that everyone really appreciates how much you how thoughtful you are. I'm gonna start chanting in a second
And I think there's be a number of people that will join in that too too many layers here
So I don't mean that. I'm sorry. I use my whisper bow. Okay
To shoot
I mean, how do you use it? Do you have to whisper when you're using it? Let's talk elvish to it. I guess. Yeah
Scoop it. I
Is elvish scat
You notice that the bow doesn't glow like it did that one time
What?
Zildren scoobin bot in
David Lee Roth 11
Still nothing
I try did I use did I speak elvish? You definitely spoke it. Thanks, spencer
Okay, speak authentic 1920s Harlem elvish
Do you want to do anything else? Um, I'd like to fire I'd like to fire 14 arrows
How about one arrow? All right, I'll take one. Okay. Good. I fire one arrow. It hits
Dealing I rolled the dice earlier. It got an 18 plus seven is 25 which hits people that think I'm cheating
No one thinks I'm cheating
People are looking at my dice or making sure I'm rolling otherwise they're like, this is just a farce
Spenser are there actually people who reach out to you and are like, I don't think he's actually rolling dice
I think he's just saying that yeah
If I go of course reverse engineering the theory that you're cheating from the end result, which is
That nothing this entertaining could be done organically
There's no way
Can I just go on the record and say I think all of you suck right now?
But like there's no you will get no compliments out of me right now
I think you guys are all being a bunch of turkeys. No, no, you're right. I've done a terrible I know
I absolutely agree with you. You're fucking doing it wrong. Fine. I I kill myself
That's all I had to do an arrow
Tear up the sheet
That's how you kill yourself. Well, thanks Adam for being so enthusiastic. I keep kicking everything and punching everything
Like the enemies are just the surrounding
Everything kick the porcupine if you're gonna kick something kick him in his dumb eyeballs
or the teeth
Do you have teeth do four points of teeth this one does okay
It's more of a porcupine demon really so do you want me to go?
On your turn. Yeah. Yeah, but you didn't specify where you were punching and kicking
You tell me when I get to go. It's your turn. All right. I cast a spell. What is happening? Okay
Uh
Scorching ray. Oh, okay
Oh, we have a bunch of weenies. Hey, don't let me do anything. What are you doing?
Do something. I I attacked and I missed. I'm waiting my turn patiently. Well, you guys
Will you try to talk to a porcupine? You fire a scorching ray and it deals 17 damn it. Yeah. Yeah
Way to go sharpie you did good, but my neighbors are real glad they came to the show tonight
Yeah, you can what's going on. I don't know Beth. I don't know
Isn't this the guy that called our poor our party boring?
She survived a tumor and she had to deal with it
Two seconds she survived a tumor and then I came on stage like a tumor lady
Then she comes up. That's a tumor lady
And then sit down and sit down tumor lady. Let me show you what what's what
Uh, I 30 feet of rope
And she's like I have fucking
Tumor-sized hole in my brain, but I know this is boring. I know
They didn't they didn't take out the part that makes me know what's exciting. I don't think it's boring Dan. Thank you, Tyler
You're welcome
I'm sorry I fished for that
You're fucking you you were trawling with a big net on that one man
You caught 18 million tuna and a boot and I got your tires
I'm so sorry
I just realized my big pet bee was people fishing for cobblers. That's my whole life
I'm the last person to realize I'm sorry. I'm sorry
I just caught up. I just caught up. Thank you for coming to Harmontown tonight everybody
Let's end the madness right here. Tyler. Thank you so much for playing with us, sir
Thank you, Beth and Dan Bootson. Thank you for that lovely story. Thank you
Thank you, Lucette. I love you, Fred, sir
Erin McAthe, thank you, Lucette. I'm Jeff Davis. One more time for your mayor, Dan Harmon
Tell him you love him
Tell him you love him everybody, won't you? Thank you, Lucette. Thank you, Dan and Beth Bootson
For coming up with your humanity. Thank you, Johnny Pemberton. Johnny Pemberton. Thank you, sir
We love you and we mean it and you didn't even have to fish for that, you guys. You're a good audience no matter what
Please hold while your call is being transferred
I have no clue. I was born in 89. A simulacrum means happy Kim trail day. Yes, that was nice to survive it
Johnny, hold that thought. I can't tell you that over the phone. Do you want to get struck by lightning?
Twisting the wind with Johnny Pemberton on Feral Audio. Yeah, what are you doing? Are you going to check it out?
That was pretty good. That was pretty good. That was a pretty good little quick one. Yeah
That's what we call it a turn of phrase. I believe this is what they used to call it back in the day
Thank you for calling
Steve could I have your last name and your zip codes or pull up your order? Yep. Last name is tip corn
Zip codes nine double zero
I just made a call by they say had to call back because he was about to head he had to go
He had to head out. Um, but I had some questions about the product before I continued
Okay, before you before you ordered it. Yeah
Okay, what's your question? Well, I just only caught a glimpse of it on tv
I just saw like the last maybe 10 seconds of it and I just trying to go better understand what it was
So these are like special glasses that you can adjust the prescription on them to be whatever you want
So you don't have to ever get new glasses. Is that the idea? Nope. Nope. This is
For you to go outside if you want to try to see birds in a tree
Okay, you want to go to a a game where you can zoom in see people at the game so you're not so far away
It it's not for quote. We reading glasses. Okay. Well, I don't do when you're reading. I just do more like looking for
Birds and lizards and stuff and driving, you know, like what I was looking for something
I don't wear while I'm driving and I can look for birds
Nope, you can't use these while you're driving you remember when you when you look into these things, right?
Everything's going to be magnified to you. Okay, as it comes closer to you. It's going to totally blur up
Okay, so wouldn't that be a good thing because you can see stuff from far away. You could break in ahead of time
No, no, no, it's it's going to be totally blurry. Think of it this way
If you if you're have regular binoculars on okay, and
And if you're going like 30 miles an hour, you're catching up to that thing right away
The stuff is close to you. You can't see
Well, but you will you will have seen it before you got to where it was where it is then when you
gets worried, but I know but when you blur when you break
You you're going to break too early or way too late. Well, it's better to break too early, isn't it? That's what they say
Don't be sorry. Yeah
I know but think of the people behind you
You're you're going along you you break. They don't see anything in front of you. They're going to smack you nowhere
Oh, well, oh, I don't know who drives like that because you can't see around the car
Oh, so I know I always look behind the car ahead of me
Oh, so if you so if a person's breaking and they and so if you're driving behind somebody and that person in front
Of you breaks, but you don't see what they're breaking for you. Just hit them
Correct. Yeah. Oh, that's why that's why you never drive close
But I always look behind the car in front of me and so well
What happens when you rear end them when the one they'd never I never have I never have
Oh, but you given the circumstance you would
Choose to rear end them because you'd be like why they stop and I'm gonna show them what for why not to stop
Is it like that?
What but but you don't wear these driving. You do that. What about video games?
Video games good, right? I'll make it look like I have a giant tv or something, right? You could play
Well far away people people have here used these glasses while working here on the computer screen
That's cool. So I thought so I suppose you can use them. We'd be a video game. That's a great idea
Yeah, do you wear it? Where y'all working at?
We're in Connecticut. Oh Connecticut. I've been there once it's really pretty there. It's probably pretty hot there right now, isn't it?
Uh, it's in the 80s 90s. Yeah 80s 90s. Well, I would say it's pretty hot. You know, I don't know
Do you consider that hot or do you say that's not hot?
No, that's not hot. What do you consider hot? Are you from like the desert?
Uh, nope. Uh, hot is in the high 90s hundreds. Oh, wow. Okay. So what do you consider this to be just like like fun or like
Warm, it's not hot. Isn't it? It's not hot. It's double warm. How about double warm?
No, double warm is just over 100. That's it. Oh, so what would you consider this temperature to be then?
Because I'm in the same temperature shred that you just mentioned. I'm in that and I could say it's hot
But I don't know. Maybe I should not use that word. I should say something else
Where you at in Arizona? Well, we're near there. Yep
Yep. No, that's not hot. That's dry heat. That's totally different. Okay. What what do you mean? I don't understand
Dry heat is totally different than regular hot and humid
How so hot hot and humid you will die
If you were to go to a hot and humid you would think it's about 130
Oh, yeah easy. That's like a like a miniature oven or something. Oh, yeah, I know
Oh, I didn't know that. Oh, yeah
Yeah, if you if you ever go down to
If you go down to where water is totally around you, okay like an island
Correct and it gets to be hot. Uh-huh. You will you will die because it's it's so hot and humid
Where you guys are you don't have that much humidity. I have a question. Couldn't you just get in that water and cool down?
Well, you can but but you do but a lot of people who are not used to it die
They because they don't know how to swim or because they just don't know they can get in the water
They just don't know how to cool off. A lot of people don't like the water
Like they're like dogs or something because dogs do that
Dogs can't get in the water because they don't know it's water
They just think it's for drinking and then they try to drink it all and then they just die
Yeah, yeah, but I'll all dogs know how to swim because they dog paddle. Oh, are you serious? Wait, we just say that again
All dogs know how to swim because they dog paddle
Well, what does that mean? They have like a special like motor or something in them? I don't know
No, no, no, if you watch a dog go into water, okay, they start moving their feet all the time. It's called dog paddle
That's why they tell tell you when you learn how to swim dog paddle
Okay, that's where that comes from. So you just dog paddle
So so the best thing you do on a hot day is to get down by that water where it's super hot and get in and dog paddle
Mm-hmm. So you're telling me it's 130 degrees there
No, no, it can't it can be it can be it well, you know, or it feels like it feels like 130
Well, when it gets to be 100 near water, you know, you know near 100
It's going to be hot and humid. You're because you're from Arizona. You're going to think it's much hotter
Oh, yeah, it's not because it's now humid and humid adds, you know, because I got to be humid up here
Water temperature was like 91 humidity with the humidity was up to the 99 percent
Oh, that's that's that's like a rain in the air
Correct. Yep. So basically surrounded by air. So this is what I don't understand. Okay humidity is 99 percent
It's 90 degrees makes it feel like it's 130 because the water's around you
But how come then when you get into water like a pool, which is a thousand percent water, right?
Can we agree on that? Mm-hmm. A thousand percent water. How come that cools you down? Is it because it's so much water?
Because no, it's just it just because the water is on your skin. It doesn't really cool you down
It's it's cooling the outside of your skin. What about a convection oven? They know about that
No, don't know anything about that. Okay. I heard a convection oven on the news
They said when it does a uh instead of raining if it does wind which wind is like rain, but it's
It's not water. It's just like air
When it does that from above because there's just hot clouds up there
That they have we have these hot clouds they come over and you think it's going to be a lot cooler because the sun's going
hiding but actually it's a hot cloud and it does a
it does a
Wind from the top and it does a they call it a convection oven because what it does is it blows
heat like um
Like a hairdryer like it's been plugged in like a plugged in hairdryer and that will
cause um, if you're doing laundry, you don't have to drive
Right. Yeah
So what you're saying is you guys out there you can't hang your clothes up
Oh, no, you can you can that will dry that that's totally different. Well, you said it's 99
Yeah, what about if it's a thousand you could you?
Okay, you you you can put it outside the heat from the sun is going to dry it dry your clothes
What about if it's like a nine like nine hundred percent humidity?
It doesn't matter. It's just going to be more damp on your clothes. It's not going to be super dry
It's going to take longer to dry it. So it's going to be what's the highest percent you can get before it's it's wet
100 percent 100 percent is total rain. Oh, no a thousand percent
No, 100 percent. Well, you can't go a thousand percent
Well, you can yes, you can't because there's that that's the number percentage it is
That's the highest number per thousand. No, no, no
You you can't go over a hundred percent go go ahead and watch all the all the news
Uh, it goes up to a hundred percent. It's pure rain
You know when they go ahead and say it's 80 chance of rain. They'll never go above a hundred percent
I swear I saw once they said
500 chance of rain and it was yeah, and it was and it definitely rained the next day very hard
I think that's probably you know, I think that's probably the thing
It's different where I live and where you live because the here the rain is different more
Doesn't happen as much. So when it does happen, they say hey look you really got to look out for the rain
It's going to be a 500 percent rain not just an 80 percent because people around here like they don't believe it because people here are stupid
So they don't get it. Yeah
Yeah, that's interesting. Well, well then how come those glasses the how come the zoomers they um, they say like
magnifies
300 percent
300 percent what you see with the naked eye
So 300 so that's a that's a percent that I thought it can't go over a hundred though
No, that's different. Okay. I don't understand that that is uh,
if you can see good at
40 feet, uh, you know 40 yards right 300 300 percent in is you you that much closer to you
So it's like a horse. It's like if you rode on a horse toward the item that you're looking at but didn't ride on it
Correct. Okay. So is it it's a have like a stabilizer?
So if you're on a horse you can still look at it does not no stabilizer
Okay, because I would want to I would we want to use them with a horse because that's the best way to get toward birds
Because the horses don't scare birds like a car does
Correct same with lizards lizards don't mind horses. Did you know that?
Correct. Yeah, that's weird. I don't know for some reason lizards are not bothered by horses
But they are bothered by dogs. I tried to do I have a very large dog
It's a double st. Bernard
It's like a st. Bernard, but it's brood brood in russia and it's very large and you can ride it
You know, it doesn't like to be ridden but you can ride it
And it will allow you to get super close to the lizards to take their pictures
But you you think so but it scares them away. So I got a horse instead and the horses just don't
I think the horses and lizards are friends because they're both
Um, the same the same family or something so they don't scare them
And so I will be riding the horse toward the lizards and the birds
And that's why I need a shock absorber
But those don't have them, huh?
No, so they do not happen. Okay, but you could mount anything on there, right? Like once I get them
I can do whatever I want to them
Correct. So you can't drive with them, but you can ride a horse. No problem
Correct. Okay, right. Is that because the horses they are more friendly and stuff like toward a lizard? No
No, no, it's uh, it's it's just it on spook. That's all it is. Oh, it's a spook, right? Okay. Yeah, because like you were saying if you
You because a horse if you're gonna stop early because you've got your
There's zoomies you can see far you see that lizard far ahead
Or maybe a spider and you stop the person behind you on a horse will
Their horse knows that you stopped and you don't they don't have to hit the brakes, right?
Correct. Yeah, see that's what I think I might try this out now when I do the car drive is when I
Someone ahead of me breaks for no reason and I don't see anything. I don't see like a wall
Or a stop sign or like a person or like a child
I'm just gonna keep just hit give them a little tap because that way you can collect insurance because they they are at fault for stopping
Hmm. Yeah, I I have a friend who did that actually who um made
He's made all of his money doing that just by what he does
He drives around real fast and he just if somebody does the wrong
Um move in traffic. He just lets him know he teaches them, you know
You know, you have sometimes you have to teach people the hard way and that's just you have to hit them
Yeah, and but that's okay cars are made for that. So we all know which way we're gonna go, you know, I'm saying
Yeah
Okay, and the so is that it's that a thousand percent thing that will work out
Correct. Okay, because that's so that's a thousand percent always
Okay, okay great
I'm good with okay you too. Make sure you uh when you find when you follow up on that
Be sure to look out and let me know if there's a lizard you see any sizes of the one I was mentioning
Yeah, great. Okay
Okay, that sounds good. And just let me know there if ever
reoccurs there
Okay, okay, great. Um, I'm gonna try to figure out this this trip
Uh, because I think if I get them to go on the trip and I can see how far we're going to be there for
Okay, it sounds good. Okay. Is that something that I would want to get an extra one for or what do you think?
No, it's a buy one get one free offer. Okay, so if I I could
Is it possible to double them up to wear them to stack them?
No, there is no what is that because why is that?
Because it just fits on the side of your head. You can't double it, but I could I could put it on there on the front
No, it won't fit because you got to push them out further. They won't go. Oh, so it's like a it's like a telescope
It's uh similar but but it just like a pair of glasses
You can't put two on because the glasses get in the way of each other. Oh, I I put two glasses on before
You just put them on on top of the one that's underneath the other one
You know, you ever had double done double sunglasses or sometimes say my uncle has
prescription
Glasses, but he also wears sunglasses and he'll put his sunglasses on over
The prescriptors and then he just does it and you know, he goes hunting and he drives that way he'll fish
So
I'm gonna do that too, but when I'm on vacation
Okay, okay
That sounds good. Um
Thanks for telling me all that about weather
Okay, great
Are you gonna figure out what you what to call the weather because you said you just not hot
God, yeah, just go online and search it on google. What should I search?
Just go to google and search weather. Okay. No, I'm gonna search. What do you call it?
When it's what temperature do you say it is? Yeah
When it when it gets up above, uh, when
It uh, you made these up above 70 percent 70
Percent
Then what I type in then after that
Just see what it pulls up with that just type in see what it pulls up after that
Correct. Okay. When it gets up above 70 percent see what it
Pull hold on pulls up after that
I did it. It said it said rate shock in california. Obamacare to increase individual health
I am boyzy
spokesman.com
Um, us and news world
Uh, philadelphia has a descent of 500 feet above the ground
Kevin slavin how algorithms shape our world
Here's one. Um
Journalist has fallen 10 percent. I don't see anything about weather here
Yeah, what else I put your state
The first thing you told me was that it's not hot out. You said it's not hot even though it's almost it's in the 90s
But you didn't say it's not double warm. What would you call it then?
To me it's not hot though. What was that?
To me, it's not hot. Okay. But what would you call it then? You just say not hot
No, just warm. Just warm. Okay. How much cooler does it have to get to be not warm?
Down to 20 degrees 20 degrees
Wow
So you mean 20 degrees all the way up to 80 degrees is warm
Just warm. Yeah, what do you call it when it's below 20?
It's cool cool
20 to what is cool
20 to a minus 10 minus 10 is cool. Wow. That's pretty interesting. Then what do you call it below minus 10?
Then it gets cold. Okay, then how how much further does it get before it gets something else besides cold?
No, you can't get below cold. It's just cold. You can't get below cold?
Nope. Oh man, I didn't know that. I thought you can't. What about coldests?
No, because it's no no coldest is just an adjective. Okay
So it's just an adjective. So basically coldest is cold can be negative 10 all the way down to to the point in which
Uh matter stops moving because it is zero degrees, huh? Correct. So zero degrees is the coldest it gets, right?
Nope. Oh, what's the coldest it gets?
Mmm
Minus 50 minus 60 so it's never gets colder than that ever
No, well, it's nothing has been registered now
So and the wow so the history of the world and it's never gotten colder than 60 degrees below
The zero nothing nothing that has been registered. Okay, not been registered. So you think maybe like when dinosaurs were here
It got really cold like negative. Well, that's what everybody does what everybody froze with. Yeah, they did they all froze
Yeah, well that think of a think of a glacier. Yeah, what's that?
Oh, it's moving eyes. How does that work because ice is hard? It's like I got I got to get going. Oh, we're gonna go
I got other calls. I got to take all you do. Okay. Well, I can talk with them or I can wait if you want to
Okay, what do you think we should do gotta hang up. Okay. I'll see you later. Goodbye. Bye